♪♪
♪ Ben 10! ♪
[ Upbeat banjo music playing ]
No, Grandpa!
- [ Banjo strums ] - Banjos aren't cool.
And no, you can't talk us
into going to Banjo Town!
[ Banjo strumming gloomily ]
a farm full of snakes
I'd rather go to
than go to...
[ Tires squeal ]
- Maybe it won't be - that bad.
[ Gasps ] Oh, gross!
- It's just - a little baby snake.
Aah!
- [ Whimpers ] - You're afraid of snakes, too!
Gwendolyn, please.
I'm afraid of squids.
And you might think tentacles
are the same basic size
and shape as snakes,
but snakes, uh, aren't connected
to a body or anything.
They're just like tentacles
that are off on there own,
but still alive.
And still, wriggling!
Aah! Get it off me!
Get it off!
Maybe if we run we can still
catch Grandpa!
Aah!
to Banjo Town.
We are not going
How did you get out here,
little guy?!
[ Hissing ]
Uh, hello?
Oh, hi!
I didn't see you there.
- Got distracted - by my little buddy here.
- What are you doing - out here, Mortimer,
You little scamp?!
I'm Dr. Mary Jo Fourfeathers,
herpetologist.
You two must be here
to volunteer at the ranch.
- I think we're just gonna - hang out here.
- That's not what your grandpa - said on the phone.
He called you?!
Can't just drop kids here
and drive off.
Now let's get you started.
Can't be any worse
than Banjo Town, I guess.
And here is the crown jewel of
Repto-Ranch... our new solarium!
Wow, cool, a big dome.
I control the temperature for
our cold-blooded buddies in here
- with a state-of-the-art - sun lamp system!
I designed it myself.
Light system, huh?!
Time for a rave!
Unz, unz,
unz, unz, unz, unz!
- We've got to be careful - with these lights.
Changing the heat too much
can make the reptile agitated.
Now, come on!
- Time to teach you how to clean - the cages in the Repto-Lab!
Aw, man!
- Still better - than Banjo Town.
King Koil:
Brothers, sisters, aid me.
[ Laughs evilly ]
[ Both scream, grunt ]
It's just a friendly ball
python, he can't hurt you.
You two just need
more contact with snakes.
- Scary things - usually aren't that scary
- Once you get to know them - better.
Say, I have an idea.
♪ They need ultraviolet light
to see ♪
- ♪ And to get - their vitamin D ♪
♪ These little guys
have a vitamin deficiency ♪
♪ This should be familiar
to you ♪
♪ Pythons get blisters, too ♪
♪ Put a little ointment on,
that's all you have to do ♪
This is all
so, so interesting,
- but does it have to be - a musical?
Maybe if you read a book,
- she wouldn't have to sing facts - at you.
[ Hisses ]
♪ Reptiles are your friends ♪
♪ You won't have to pretend ♪
♪ Once you get to know them ♪
♪ You'll love them
'til the end ♪
[ Banjos playing ]
Uh, what's that snake
doing?!
♪ Now, there's nothing wrong
with him ♪
♪ He's just shedding his skin ♪
Ohhh, no,
Nope! Gross!
no, no, no, no, no!
He's just molting.
It's a common process
for many types of reptiles.
That is maybe
the second-grossest thing
I've ever seen,
right behind Ben's bunk.
Then you need
more snake facts!
Double time!
- ♪ They split their chins - to swallow their food ♪
- ♪ They use their - tongues to smell you ♪
- ♪ Their eggs are soft - and leathery ♪
- ♪ They are not furred - or feathery ♪
- ♪ Some breathe - through their skin ♪
♪ Some have powerful venom ♪
- ♪ Burrowing snakes' eyes - are weak ♪
♪ But they can sense
your body heat ♪
[ Hissing ]
Still not that into it?
[ Whimpers ]
I'm sure there's some way
- to demonstrate - the majesty of snakes.
I'll think on it while we feed
[ Crunch ]
the Komodo dragons.
What in the world
is this?!
Uh, extra large snakeskin?
Nasty!
Why would you touch it?!
Nastier!
Strange.
[ Screams ]
fragment this large.
I've never seen a shedding
[ Screaming ]
something this size?
What could have even made
The biggest snake in the world
is the green anaconda,
but we don't have anything
nearly that size
here at the ranch.
[ Screams, grunts ]
- I'm going to go check this - in the lab.
You sweethearts can go feed the
Komodo dragons while I'm gone.
Ah!
This I can do!
Meat! Meat! Meat!
Yeah, anything that
doesn't involve... s-snakes!
Gah! What do we do?!
- Mary Jo said - we shouldn't hurt them, right?!
We need help!
Three steps ahead of you!
Step one!
Super-smart Grey Matter!
♪♪
Step two, analyze!
Well, what's step three?!
- I realize I should not have - turned into Grey Matter,
As I am now bite-sized!
Ah!
[ Grunting, whimpering ]
[ Hissing ]
What reptile are you?
Ben!
Who... What is that?!
You and girl ruin my plan.
- Though I know I should accept - you rationally,
- You are really - freaking me out!
I am King!
Gills?!
Filthy water-breather!
Uh! Aah!
[ Groans ]
Human?!
Only one human must be here!
I make you leave!
[ Hissing ]
You pay price
for interfering!
[ Gasps ] The snakes!
They're agitated!
What are you?!
I am King!
You...
you are incredible!
Huh? W-What?
Your scales!
- This tongue! - What's your diet like?
- You're a burrowing creature, - right?!
I move below the ground.
Of course, you do!
And look at this tail!
This must be the source
of that skin fragment!
- Are you about to shed? - Can I watch?!
Kids, look!
Oh, right, the snakes!
Sorry! I think
if I just dim the sun lamp,
they'll cool down
and calm down.
Do not take the sun!
Sir! This is sensitive
scientific equipment!
I explain.
You help broken snake.
I am partial
to the reptiles!
Yes, best...
Better than mammal!
World belongs
to reptiles!
I turn up sun lamp,
get strong!
Be king of world!
And you... queen!
[ Gasps ]
sounding better now.
Banjos
Rule new world with me,
give heat device.
He wants to turn her
into a snake queen?!
- Five bucks says - she goes for it.
Oh, that's...
completely bonkers.
I'm a scientist,
not a queen!
I want to help reptiles,
not rule them!
You... you not see!
I can show.
Give the remote!
Okay, I've had just about enough
of this "snake charmer."
You can't stop me,
No!
shape shifter!
Do they have the word "no"
underground, buddy?!
Uh, where'd he go?
My remote!
I show you!
I show all!
Yes! New!
I think
I'm tasting my lunch!
See now, Queen?
New! More powerful!
King Koil!
[ Grunts ]
- Come and... oh! - Get me?
Where'd he...
You not defeat me now!
- -[ Screams ] - -Take she,
Make future
for all cold bloods!
You have hair?
Reptiles are hairless!
I should be mad at you,
but I'm just so fascinated!
[ Grunting ]
Mortimer! No!
My snakes are going to get hurt!
Sacrifice good of all!
Gwen!
Get the snakes to safety!
The snakes?!
Safety?! Gwen?!
I know you're scared,
- but think of how frightened - and confused they are!
[ Sighs ]
Hey, you're not so bad,
are you?
You asked for it,
leather face!
[ Whoosh! ]
Ben, be carful.
He has Mary Jo!
It's okay,
I have great aim!
- [ Grunts ] - Ow.
Weak surface walker.
Friends! Eat!
Be careful! Alligators can run
20 miles-per-hour on land!
Alligators?
[ Screaming ]
How does a human man
beat a snake man?
How did that song go?
♪ They split their chins... ♪
[ Mumbles ]
- ♪ Eggs are soft - and leathery ♪
Whoop!
Aah!
♪ Burrowing snakes eyes
are weak... ♪
[ Mumbles ]
♪ Sense your body heat ♪
- [ Gasps ] - He's a burrowing snake!
He senses heat!
King needs Queen.
All will serve!
[ Yelps ]
What? Where?!
- You can float? - How?
- Diamondhead: - You're a burrowing snake,
- And that means - you rely on your heat vision.
- So a guy - made of cool, cool crystal
- Would be pretty much invisible - to you, right?
Guess those big, beautiful eyes
of yours aren't all that great!
I still hear you!
[ Grunts ]
What I hear, I hit!
But I just can't stop making
hilarious jokes!
Mary Jo, planet could have been
yours and mine.
I come back for you.
Yeah, you'd better have
some new tricks by then!
Ben: Oh.
I guess this isn't so bad.
- You see how his tongue - is moving?
He's getting to know you.
Yep, that's enough.
[ Laughs ]
It tickles!
Can I keep one?
No, they need to stay here.
This is their home.
Aww, too bad.
Yep! Too bad.
- Oh! I think your grandpa - is back.
- [ Banjo playing ] - Ugh, Grandpa.
Bye, Mary Jo!
- Good luck - with the critters!
Thank you!
- How's that shed going, - Mortimer?
Do you think I would have made
a good Queen of the Snakes?
[ Laughs ]
Don't worry, buddy.
I'm not going anywhere.
♪♪
[ Hissing ]